it was only a matter of time before
high-tech hit the swimming pool Aquabot
is designed to clean your pool in one
hour
the aquata stem it's a computer chip
designed to analyze the size of the pool
and then employs a specific program
which cleans the pool in a one-hour time
period the Bravo basic is the based on
our time period to clean offers you a
hundred percent the water line and
that's achieved by the use of the smart
computer chip system which is
incorporated in the unit the vive on the
other hand is in with a one hour time
clean but it offers an upgraded feature
with the remote control unit you can
actually pool and hard to get areas that
in the event that the unit does come
home and you only want to clean one or
two spots you can simply grab their
handheld remote and guide the clean it
pull the unit out of the pool and the
job is done in a standard pump of
filters to clean al jays in the bottom
of the pool the robotic pool cleaner
will climb the walls and will vacuum the
bottom of the pool free from very fine
particulate such as sediment and algae
hence giving you a crystal pool Holland
Hills distributing carries for robotic
pool cleaner being us an above-ground
pool system called the pool Rover
secondly the Aquabot Bravo and thirdly
the aqua cleans the pool in one our
in-ground system system with remote
control and finally the Gemini with
remote control it's a four hour clean to
a large commercial pool
you